I want this average cup to apologize to the customer
This is a big cup.
I would like your cup medium small medium large sorry sir
This is the average cup.
This is a big cup.
This is a huge cup.
I would like your average cup of three sorry sir
This is a large cup This is a very large cup
Too much bullying can sell then sell
Shop
So I took all 300, go out and be polite? Why do you want to invite me? Make friends
I don't know your name
Others befriend criminals at idle post office
Not in District 1 very good
Have you heard? Dong Phuong station has civil war Dong Phuong station
New door table
Never heard of it, turns out it's an academy.
Now it's the salesman's turn, now the Dongfang Xiaosun agents are oppressing Dongfang Xiaohui.
This time I came to dig Dong Phuong Tieu Huy to our side.
Good luck!
Borrow your good words
I go first
Wait for it